Improve TimelineMarker handling in Live stream (#805)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ui: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]

### Added
- `SeekBarConfig.markerUpdateIntervalMs` to customize the update interval of the TimeLine markers in a live stream

### Fixed

> - `TimelineMarker`s no longer move unexpected during time-shifting in a live stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TimelineMarker`s move unexpectedly during time-shifting in a live stream
```

## [Unreleased]

### Added
- `SeekBarConfig.markerUpdateIntervalMs` to customize the update interval of the TimeLine markers in a live stream

### Fixed
- Incorrect sytnax of CSS `URL` functions, leading to problems with URLs containing special characters like `(` or `)`

> - `TimlineMarkers` no longer move unexpected during time-shifting in a live stream

Author: [848b1b1](https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ui/pull/805/commits/848b1b128a82dd221423d22918c5e8de20da5a89)
